All right guys so we have one page left to go that's the contact page.
That's what we're going to start working on.
Let's jump into V.S. code and let's open up.
I'm going to open up about h t AML and I'm going to copy everything in there and then let's create a
new file inside dist called Contact dot HD CML.
OK we'll go ahead and paste the sin and let's just pick and choose what we want.
So in the head I'm just gonna change the title to contact me and let's see we want to keep the header
but we're going to move the class here to contact and we're gonna get rid of all the sections.
Just keep the footer and we'll save that.
And now we should be able to go to contact and we basically have our just our boiler plate for an inner
page.
So on our contact page we have a form and we have the email address phone number address area and then
we just have an area that says let's start your next project.
So we're gonna have Section A B and C..
So let's start off with the form which is gonna be a section A.
So we'll go under the header here.
Let's say section A and we'll say contact form.
So let's create a section with an idea of contact dash a we're gonna give it a class of text center
and let's do.
Class of P Y dash 3.
And we'll put in our container and it's to our H 2 with the class of section title and we're just going
to say.
Contact me.
And underneath that we'll put our bottom line.
So I know this is very repetitive so we also want a paragraph with the class of lead and we'll say here
is how you can reach me and I mean it's repetitive but that's that's really what you want.
You want to stay consistent with you are your design with your mark up your styling you want everything
to be consistent.
So being repetitive is actually a good thing.
So let's go underneath the paragraph here and create a form.
I'm just gonna I'm not going to put any action or anything like that in the attributes in it and for
now I would just just a form tag and let's do a class of text dash fields and then we're gonna put our
inputs in I'm not going to use a label I'm just going to use a place holder in the form.
So let's do an input with the type of text and actually know what it's gonna be text by default.
Let's do a class of text dash input and also a class of name dash input and then let's do let's see
let's add a place holder which you're gonna use as a label so we'll just say name.
Okay.
And then I'm going to just copy that down.
Let's do that's two three four.
Yeah will do.
And then one or just five.
So one two three four five.
The last one is gonna be a text area but we'll change that up after.
So we have our name next one is gonna be the subject.
So let's do text input subject input and by the way we're gonna be using grid template areas for this
form to place the inputs in the correct areas for place holder let's do subject.
And this third one here is gonna be the email input so we'll do email let's change this class to email
input We'll also change the type to email and we're gonna have a phone number so lots to write here
we'll do phone input change the place holder to phone number actually for this place holder let's say
email address and then this last one is gonna be the message so it's gonna be a text area so I'm going
to get rid of the typed text in the input and let's say text area and let's see we're gonna have text
input class let's also do message input and then get rid of the place holder No I'm sorry not get rid
of the place holder we want that we're gonna say enter message but we do want to add an ending tag since
it's a text area.
Okay.
And then I'm gonna go outside of the div here and add a button with the class of T N Dash dark and let's
make sure we give the same type of submit the submit button and then for the text inside we'll just
say submit.
All right.
So that's our form so we'll save that pretty or fixed it up a little bit.
Made it a little more readable so if we go to our form it looks absolutely horrendous.
So we want to add our styling so we'll head over to Main dot SPSS and let's go down to the bottom.
So let's see we have our about and then our photo.
Let's go right above the footer and let's say a contact page.
OK.
So for the contact we have our or our a section so it's to I.D. contact and then we want to focus on
the idea of contact dash a so we'll do Ampersand dash a and let's do the text fields.
Class which actually wraps around all the inputs.
And this is gonna be our grid.
So display grid.
And we're gonna use grid template areas here.
OK so let's go.
We want to go on to the next line and we're gonna basically map this out visually so we want our name
and email field on the first line then we want the subject and the phone.
And then we want the message to span across both both columns here.
OK.
So we'll go ahead and put a semicolon here and then let's add a grid gap of one point two REM and let's
do a margin bottom of one point to run.
OK.
So still within this text field I'm now gonna add grid areas we need to connect the actual elements.
So we have these classes name input subject input and so on.
Want to map onto these grid areas so it's to name dash input and let's do grid dash area and set that
to name.
OK.
And then I'm just gonna grab this and copy it down.
It's two two three four five.
And then I'm going to select this name here control D and just change this to subject.
Same thing here.
Control D change these two email and this one change this to phone and this one will be message.
All right.
So we'll save that.
We'll take a look and I can see it's mapped out how we how we did it in the grid template areas.
So I want to add some padding these are way too small so let's go let's go outside of well knows we'll
stay within the text fields so we want to go like right here and let's do text input so all the class
of text input which is everything we're gonna have padding zero point five REM in one and then the message
the text area I'm just going to add to that I'm going to I'm going to change the height let's do message
input actually we already have the message input up here so I could just add it right here we'll say
height let's do like two hundred pixels see what that looks like now it's too big let's do try one hundred
all right.
So it looks pretty good now for the button caught the this button right here I wanted to be a little
wider I don't want 100 percent I think that's too wide so let's do 50 percent for that so we'll target
let's see we have button button I guess you can target the button dark inside of the text text fields
actually it's not in text fields you have to go outside of it.
So that ends here.
So we'll just say the button dark well actually we don't want to do that because we might want to change
it to a different utility class.
So we'll just do let's say button and we'll set the type equals submit case we want to target the submit
button and let's do a with of 50 percent and see what that gives us.
OK.
So it makes it a little wider.
So next we have the contact info so we're going to add that to the AGM Al now that we have our form
all styled so and contact each team now let's add section B so section B is the contact info
so section it's given an I.D. of contact dash B I'm going to give it a class of p y more padding three
top and bottom and let's also do a big dark.
Give it the dark background and wrap it in a container and then we're gonna do a class of contact dash
info
contacts.
Contact info.
And this is gonna be a grid as well with some divs and we're gonna have an icon.
Let's give it a class of F.A. s Let's do F A Dash envelope and let's make it a little bigger we'll do
F.A. to X case.
That's that and then we'll do an H 3 with the e mail we'll put a paragraph here and we'll just say John
at something dot com.
Okay so that's our email let's just copy this div two more times because this one here is gonna be the
phone will change the icon to phone.
Change that to phone and let's just do fake phone number
5 5 5 5 5 5.
Just all fives.
Okay.
And then the last one here is gonna be the address.
So the icon is gonna be address dash card and then let's say address and we'll change this to let's
say 50 Main Street Boston Mass.
Okay now I'm just gonna add the C Contact c section as well because it's basically just an H.
So let's say section C we'll just say tag line and we'll do it.
Let's do a section with the I.D. of contact.
Dash C and let's do an H 1 and we'll just say let's start your next project.
All right.
So we'll save that and actually let's let's add a couple classes here as well.
So I'm going to do.
G Main and let's do p y 4.
Let's see what that looks like.
So I'm gonna save that and if we go back ok.
So that's good for now.
You know what we want to add a container in the sea.
We've got about that.
So it's two container and then will move this up into here like that.
So let's start to style this part Section B.
So we want to go under the A which ends right here and we're gonna do Ampersand dash B
and let's see where we're just gonna.
We're not gonna do too much here.
We're gonna grab the contact info class and display it as a grid.
Because we want those three contact info icons and stuff to go across.
So let's do grid template columns and let's say repeats and or repeat three times one fraction and let's
text align to the center.
And I think that should be good.
And check it out.
All right.
Now last thing is this right here.
So I want it centered.
I'm just actually we can just text center and I believe.
So let's go under B and let's do Ampersand dash C and let's do each one and we want to text a line to
the center and then I'm going to raise the font size to 4 REM so let's say font size for RAM and take
a look.
There we go.
Let's start in next project.
And if you guys don't like this you could put an image here you could put a Google map or some whatever
you'd like but I think that's pretty good.
So now we have all of our pages.
So in the next video what I want to do is the responsiveness that actually doesn't look too bad.
There's not a lot that we have to do.
We want these two.
Obviously this isn't good.
We want to stack like the testimonials and stuff like that.
This needs to be fixed.
These need to be stacked.
So in the next video we're going to start to make this much more responsive.